[NARRATOR]
The heavens cried.
The earth trembled.
[NARRATOR] The world was torn
apart in a wave of fury...
...the day he came to Earth.
As prophesized, thus began
our eternal punishment.
From that day forth,
the course of humanity
would never be the same.
For he had come,
whispering in the darkness.
"Foolish humans, with your
miserable, pathetic souls."
"Sign this Demon Contract,
and you will have salvation!"
The merciless saw him
as their king.
The fearful called
him "the beast."
While the weak feared
he may be God himself.
His judgment brought
about destruction.
The extermination
of life as he saw fit.
Let those who resist
his call stand up.
Let your hopeless
cries ring out:
"Arise and Slay God!"
[CECILY gasping]
What the--? How did you...?
Thanks for the diversion.
The katana came out perfectly.
[LUKE]
Now leave this to me.
[CECILY gasps]
[CECILY] I guess this is
goodbye. Thank you, Father.
You okay, Miss Cecily?
Yeah, I'll be fine.
[LUKE] Pay attention, Cecily.
Now it's your turn to watch me.
[LUKE]
See the power of my katana.
[gasps] I've never seen
anything so beautiful.
His katana looks
like it's on fire!
[screeches]
[grunts]
[LUKE yells]
[CECILY gasps]
[ICE DEMON growls]
[CECILY]
That blade is incredible.
No sword I've ever seen
would have been able
to slice through
that demon's leg.
So that's the strength
of a katana.
I'm totally in awe.
It's truly breathtaking.
Not too many blacksmiths
can forge katana these days.
Most don't have the patience.
To do it right,
you have to hammer
and fold the steel repeatedly.
That's what gives
it its strength.
But folding steel isn't easy.
It takes a lot of hard work.
That's why most blacksmiths
have given up the practice.
They don't see the point in
spending days making one katana
when in the same amount of time
they can make hundreds
of swords by mold.
But their swords are inferior.
Who knew something so strong
would be forged so delicately?
The katana Luke's using right
now is a little different.
I guess you could
say it's special.
[screeches]
What's going on?
Is that demon transforming?
[CECILY]
Luke, be careful!
Don't worry, I can handle it!
[LUKE grunting]
Luke! Why aren't you
using your katana?
Even though it's stronger
than regular swords,
there's still a chance
it could break.
Haven't you heard
the old saying?
It goes, "If you ever lose your
weapon on the battlefield,
you're sure to lose your life."
[CECILY gasps]
He knows he'll be fine if he
dodges the demon's attacks.
He's staring into the face of
death, yet he has no fear.
That's rule number one.
A person wielding a katana
must have no fear.
[LISA]
Don't worry, he'll be fine.
It may look like he's in
a tough spot right now,
but Luke knows he needs
to keep his distance.
He'll strike when
he sees an opening.
[LUKE grunts]
[LUKE yells]
He did it!
Hmph.
Wow, Luke.
Seeing you and your katana
in action was amazing!
That demon was solid ice and
you sliced right through it!
I mean, I saw the whole thing
with my own eyes, but I--
[gasps]
[CECILY]
Where did it go?
Yeah, that kinda just
happens. You're welcome.
Damn thing almost
got the best of me.
Seriously, you're
gonna owe me big
for helpin' you out like this.
So, your "precious cargo"
better be worth the
beating I just took.
Don't worry, I'll make
sure you're well paid.
I'm sure the Knight Guards
will be happy
to reward you for
protecting their cargo.
Just leave it to me.
I'll talk to the captain myself
and tell him that
you're the one who was--
[LUKE]
Huh?
[LISA]
Uh-oh.
[CECILY]
Hm?
[LUKE gasping]
[gasping]
--[thwack]
--[LUKE screams]
So I owe you big time for
what you did yesterday.
Thank you, Luke.
Not only did those bandits try
to steal from the Knight Guards
but they also signed
a Demon Contract!
Call me crazy, but I
don't think those guys
were smart enough to think
up that plan on their own.
They must have had
someone calling the shots,
telling them what to
do the entire time.
I've discussed this with
the other Knight Guards
and they all agree with me.
There's gotta be
more to this case
than meets the eye!
So we've decided
that we're gonna do
some investigating,
and well, you see--
Ah-hem...
I'm sorry I lost my cool.
Please don't be mad at me.
[LUKE]
What kind of apology is that?
You have a wardrobe malfunction
and all of a sudden you decide
to beat the crap outta me?
So sorry. Please
forgive me, Luke.
Now, now, calm down.
You should just accept
Miss Cecily's apology
and we can all move on.
[LUKE]
Look at my face!
If she weren't a girl,
I'd kick her ass!
Hey, Luke, was that
the first time
you've seen a lady's boobies?
[LUKE]
You want me to throw you out?
[gasps] Well, I gotta say...
Those are some gigantic boobs!
[BOTH gasp]
[CECILY] Uh, could we please
change the subject?
Uh-oh. It's almost time
for today's meeting!
I'm not going.
But Luke. You have to, you
already missed yesterday's!
If you've got an
important meeting,
you really should go.
I'm not going anywhere--
look at my face!
[ARTHUR]
Well, well Housman.
It appears the
blacksmith is skipping
our meeting once again.
I told him I would very much
appreciate his presence today.
But I know Mr. Ainsworth
is a busy young man.
I can't think of
anything more important
than this meeting about
Valbanill.
[AREVIY] I find it hard to
believe he can't find an hour
in his schedule to meet with
foreign diplomats, Housman.
We can proceed without him.
[ARTHUR] Then as our first order
of business, I propose we hold
a vote to relocate our future
meetings to someplace
other than the
Independent Trade Cities.
[HOUSMAN] And what is
your reasoning, sir?
I'm not sure it's safe.
Not in light of the
demon attack outside
the gates of the city yesterday.
[gasps]
A demon attack?
Is that true, Housman?
You witnessed it.
Didn't you, Siegfried?
Yes sir, with my own eyes.
[AREVIY]
I certainly wasn't expecting
to hear news like this.
What became of the demon?
[HOUSMAN]
It has been disposed of.
Really? How were you
able to defeat it?
They're incredibly dangerous.
[LANCELOT] I see.
This isn't the time to start
keeping secrets from
one another, Housman.
[AREVIY laughs]
I don't blame him.
I'm sure we all have
our little secrets.
I thought we'd seen the last
of the Demon Contracts.
It's been 44 long years
since the Valbanill War
came to an end.
[AREVIY] You don't suppose
this could be a sign
he's preparing to return?
[HOUSMAN] I'm afraid we
have no way of knowing.
There's only one thing
we can be absolutely sure of.
If Valbanill does return,
the entire human race
will be doomed.
[HOUSMAN] I've commissioned
a Sacred Sword
from the blacksmith to
keep our nations safe.
[AREVIY]
I just worry it won't be enough
to protect us from
Valbanill's wrath.
I don't think we should put
all our faith in a single sword.
What if Valbanill returns
before we have it?
The fate of the world
is in our hands
and the odds are
stacked against us.
[door creaks]
I'm sorry to have kept
you gentlemen waiting.
I see we're missing
someone again.
I'm afraid we don't have
the luxury of waiting.
We'll commence the Valbanill
meeting without the blacksmith.
[KNIGHT GUARD 1]
We've confirmed 12 dead,
and three men
critically injured.
Twelve deaths?
I can't believe one demon
could cause so much destruction.
From the reports I gathered,
they all died valiantly
protecting the cargo, sir.
[HANNIBAL] I don't doubt that.
They were all very brave men.
But even the most
courageous knight
is still fearful
of his own death.
I'd question anyone who wasn't.
In fact, the Valbanill War
was caused by a man
who laughed in
the face of death.
[REGINALD]
Captain Hannibal!
We've found a
surviving bandit, sir!
[REGINALD] He says they
drugged the monsters,
that's how they were
able to control them.
[HANNIBAL] You drugged them?
Who supplied you?
[BANDIT]
I dunno. I didn't know the guy!
I don't think you're
telling the truth.
No, sir, I swear! I didn't
get a look at his face.
He was dressed all in black,
some sorta hooded cloak.
He never told anyone his name!
He-- He said he'd pay big
money if we just attack
the Knight Guards and
bring back their cargo!
And did this "man in black"
happen to mention the
contents of that cargo?
[BANDIT]
No, sir.
He just told us it was
some kind of treasure.
Have you been able
to locate him?
Sorry, sir. He must have
fled immediately after.
He's on the loose.
That's not all!
The man in black also turned our
boss into some kinda demon!
[HANNIBAL] A demon?
You better not be lyin', boy!
No sir, it's the truth!
I swear, I saw it happen
with my own--
[roars]
[growls]
The man in black made their
leader sign a Demon Contract.
Curious.
Whoever he is,
we need to find him.
[LISA grunting]
[CECILY gasps]
[LISA grunts]
That was amazing!
Thank you for letting me watch
you forge that katana, Luke.
That wasn't a katana,
it was a kitchen knife.
Uh--
And what you saw was just
the beginning of the process.
There's still a million things
you have to do after that.
You have to cool it, and
apply clay, shape the blade
and the tip, then
sharpen and polish it.
Apply clay? And shape the blade?
Let me put it to you
this way Cecily,
to forge a katana you
have to go through
many complicated
steps I doubt you'd ever
be able to fully understand.
Yeah, thanks, because
clearly I'm an idiot!
[LISA] Miss Cecily.
Sorry you had to watch from
the doorway but we can't let
you in while we're working.
Oh, don't worry about it.
I'm just glad I got to see
part of the forging process.
Yeah, I don't allow
women in the smithy.
But what about Lisa?
Lisa's a different story.
What do you mean?
I guess he lets me in
because he doesn't really
think of me as a girl--
more like a buddy.
Oh come on, that's ridiculous!
She's just as much
of a woman as I am!
I don't know about that.
I think your enormous boobs
make you much more
of a woman than me.
Seriously? Could we stop
talking about them?
Lisa is my assistant.
That's why she can come in.
I can't do it without her.
Okay, I guess that
makes sense.
You know, I was really
impressed by your whole
"forging a katana" thing
in that last battle.
Lisa. You looked like you
were possessed or something.
So is that like,
something you picked up
in blacksmithing school?
I mean, it looked like
you forged that thing
out of thin air!
[LISA gasps]
Enough with the interrogation.
[gasps, growls]
[MAN] Where? Where is it?
The salvation I was promised?
What happened?
Why was I left behind?
Why?
[HOUSMAN]
"A man in black," you say?
[HANNIBAL]
My guess is he put a parasite
in the bandits' drinks
to infect them.
He made sure to dispose
of any possible witnesses.
[HOUSMAN] So this "man in black"
made the bandits' leader
sign a Demon Contract?
[HANNIBAL] I was surprised
to hear it myself.
[HOUSMAN]
That's troubling.
Discovering the
identity of this man
will have to be our
highest priority.
[HANNIBAL] Oh, I'm sure he'll
make his way back into town.
And when he does,
we'll catch him.
[HOUSMAN]
Thank you Captain.
Leave him to me.
You can worry about
protecting the sacred sword.
[HOUSMAN]
Under the circumstances,
I felt it best to be cautious.
I hope you understand,
old friend.
[sighs] I can't say I blame you.
We let our guard down,
and it was nearly stolen.
[HOUSMAN] Thanks to the
efforts of Mister Ainsworth
and Miss Cambell, it was not.
Seems we were blessed
those two found each other.
[HANNIBAL]
Yes, sir.
So, where is the real sword?
I had her walk into the city
on her own two legs.
You can come in now.
Please, Luke Ainsworth!
Yeah, what, Cecily Cambell?
I know you denied
my request before
but I'm asking you
one more time.
I'm begging you.
You're the one person who
can forge a katana for me.
Yes, I'm inexperienced,
and maybe I don't deserve one.
But it is the only weapon worthy
of replacing my family sword.
Please, say that you'll
forge one for me, Luke.
[sighs]
Yeah, fine.
Wait, you mean it? Oh,
you won't regret this!
I swear I'll use it to protect
the citizens of this city!
I want you to forge me
the best katana
you possibly can,
Luke Ainsworth!
[LUKE gasps]
[CECILY]
Uh? Something I said?
[LUKE] Someone else said
the same thing to me once.
Just forget it.
Forget I said anything.
[CECILY]
Uh...
[LUKE]
Now, let's talk pricing.
Huh?
Don't play dumb.
You didn't seriously think
you were gonna get
a katana out of me
for free, did you?
You know how much work
it takes me to make one.
[CECILY] Wha-- Of course
I was gonna pay you for it!
All right then.
I'll need some
tamahagane to forge it.
It's a special kind of
steel I use for katana.
You're gonna have
to go to the market
and pick some up for me.
I'll also need you to buy
some polishing stones,
the sheath, the hilt,
and then you'll have
to pay me for the
construction of the blade.
I'll cut you a discount,
but you're still looking
at a total of at least--
Whoa. Now stop right
there, mister!
That's soundin' kinda pricey.
Y-You do know I work for
the government, right?
What little money I
make goes right back
into the Cambell house!
I mean, I don't even
have any savings!
Not my problem.
Do you think we could work out
some kind of payment plan?
Nope, payment in full.
[CECILY] Um. Can I pay you
when you're finished with it?
[LUKE]
Yeah, no. In advance.
[CECILY]
I-- J-- Um...
[LUKE] What's the matter,
Cecily? Can't afford it?
Well, I guess this conversation
never happened then.
[CECILY]
Why are you such a jerk?!
[KNIGHT GUARDS chattering]
[CECILY] I can't believe him!
What is his problem?
Uh! What's wrong, Cecily?
I don't get him.
He totally pulled one
over on me. Jerk.
Oh. Fighting with
your boyfriend?
[CECILY]
What boyfriend?
I was a fool for
actually thinking
--he'd do something nice for me!
--Excuse me, Cecily?
Ah! Just thinking about
it make me wanna--
[HANNIBAL]
Knight Guard Cambell!
[gasps] Sir, yes sir!
You have been selected
for a special mission.
[CECILY] A valuable package
you need me to protect?
It was part of the cargo
you saved from those bandits.
I cannot stress
how important it is
that you take
this job seriously.
You must promise to keep
it safe at all costs.
[CECILY] May I ask why you've
chosen me for the job?
Because you happen to
be one of the best knights
we have on staff. And partly
because you're a woman.
Huh?
[HANNIBAL]
Quasar reporting.
Yes, enter.
[door creaks]
I've brought Miss Cambell
for you, sir.
Hello, Miss Cambell.
Thank you for
accepting this mission.
I truly appreciate it.
[gasps] Yes, sir.
[ARIA] Hello. I must say,
it's an honor to be protected
by such a beautiful young woman.
[CECILY]
Uh...?
Let me introduce myself.
My name is Aria.